{
    "hits": [
        {
            "description": "Buyers project to increase their ad spend 9.5% in 2024 vs. 2023. Buyers\u2019 top goals . . . ... IAB Announces Robust ALM Speaker Lineup and Themes Addressing Evolving Digital Advertising Market...",
            "snippets": [
                "2024 Outlook: A Snapshot into Ad Spend, Opportunities, and Strategies for Growth was conducted by IAB to provide the digital ad-supported ecosystem with a forward-looking view into the 2024 ad spending marketplace (including both spend levels and strategies) being projected by buy-side ad investment decision-makers, primarily at brands and agencies.",
                "Buyers project to increase their ad spend 9.5% in 2024 vs. 2023. Buyers\u2019 top goals . . . ... IAB Announces Robust ALM Speaker Lineup and Themes Addressing Evolving Digital Advertising Market...",
                "IAB Releases First-of-Its-Kind Research Report on the Creator Economy Advertising Opportunity \u00b7 The Creator Economy Opportunity: Where Authenticity Meets Impact \u00b7 The Creator Economy Opportunity: Where Authenticity Meets Impact \u00b7 IAB Announces Robust ALM Speaker Lineup and Themes Addressing Evolving Digital Advertising Market...",
                "IAB Announces Robust ALM Speaker Lineup and Themes Addressing Evolving Digital Advertising Market... IAB Announces Robust ALM Speaker Lineup and Themes Addressing Evolving Digital Advertising Market..."
            ],
            "title": "2024 Outlook: A Snapshot into Ad Spend, Opportunities, and Strategies ...",
            "url": "https://www.iab.com/insights/2024-outlook-survey/"
        },
        {
            "description": "The holding company predicts a 4.6% year-over-year increase in global ad spend for 2024 \u2014 growing by $33 billion to total $752.8 billion \u2014 fueled by digital, CTV and retail media. \u201cDespite the current worldwide geo-political instabilities and economic outlook, in 2024 we can see how ...",
            "snippets": [
                "This editorial series examines industry trends across the media, media buying and marketing sectors as 2023 closes and the new year begins. More from the series \u2192 \u00b7 2024 will be a major year for advertising as the U.S. presidential election boosts political spending. Media agencies also anticipate other key drivers to fuel the ad economy, including retail media, digital, sports and connected TV.",
                "2024 will be a major year for advertising as the U.S. presidential election boosts political spending. Agencies also anticipate other key drivers, including retail media, digital, sports and CTV, to contribute to growth.",
                "The holding company predicts a 4.6% year-over-year increase in global ad spend for 2024 \u2014 growing by $33 billion to total $752.8 billion \u2014 fueled by digital, CTV and retail media. \u201cDespite the current worldwide geo-political instabilities and economic outlook, in 2024 we can see how significant major political and sporting events are for creating positive growth in ad spend,\u201d noted Will Swayne, global practice president of media at Dentsu.",
                "IPG\u2019s Magna unit released its winter update of the global ad forecast that noted digital advertising reaccelerating in 2023, with major events expected to boost traditional media in 2024. Globally, net ad revenue is expected to reach $853 billion this year, up 5.5% from 2022 \u2014 and forecast to grow 7.2% in 2024."
            ],
            "title": "A look at holding company 2024 ad spending forecasts - Digiday",
            "url": "https://digiday.com/media-buying/a-look-at-holding-company-2024-ad-spending-forecasts/"
        },
        {
            "description": "Spanning five core coverage areas ... off, but major changes are coming to the market, including the deprecation of third-party identifiers, a new era in TV ad measurement, and growing use of AI in advertising....",
            "snippets": [
                "After years of unbridled growth and unprecedented spikes stemming from the pandemic, the US digital ad market is settling into a period of more modest and predictable growth. But beneath those calm waters, there is turbulence in many parts of the ecosystem, including TV and connected TV (CTV) ad measurement, identifier deprecation, AI, and streaming.\nExportable files for easy reading, analysis and sharing.\nReliable data in simple displays for presentations and quick decision making.\nFirst Published on Nov 29, 2023\nGain access to reliable data presented in clear and intelligible displays for quick understanding and decision making on the most important topics related to your industry\nOne Liberty Plaza9th FloorNew York, NY 100061-800-405-0844\n1-800-405-0844ii-sales@insiderintelligence.com"
            ],
            "title": "Advertising Trends to Watch in 2024 - Insider Intelligence Trends, ...",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/advertising-trends-watch-2024"
        },
        {
            "description": "In 2024, global ad spend is forecast to rise 8.2% to reach $1trn (\u00a3788bn), and in the UK, the ad market will grow by 4% to a value of \u00a337.1bn. According to eMarketer, retail brands spent the most on digital advertising in the UK in 2023, followed by FMCG. Despite travel seeing the least ...",
            "snippets": [
                "The future of digital advertising: Four key trends shaping 2024\nMacroeconomic trends, first-party data and the influence of artificial intelligence will all be instrumental for marketers next year.\nWith 2023 wrapping up, it\u2019s the perfect time to review trends in the digital landscape that will shape the coming year. By keeping on top of these trends, you can evolve your digital strategy to meet the changing needs of the modern consumer and get ahead of the curve.\nMuch of 2023 was characterised by tough global economic conditions that have been felt in Europe throughout the year. Despite these conditions, global ad spend is growing. In 2024, global ad spend is forecast to rise 8.2% to reach $1trn (\u00a3788bn), and in the UK, the ad market will grow by 4% to a value of \u00a337.1bn.",
                "One of the biggest trends of the year was the growing move toward integrating newer channels with traditional media to drive impactful marketing strategies. For example, UK spend on CTV grew 9.5% in 2023, and investment in this channel, which can be run alongside linear TV efforts, is expected to grow by 16.7% in 2024.\nThese trends in spend and channels are all considerations for marketers to consider as they build their 2024 strategy. Alongside these, there are broader trends in the digital landscape to take note of.\n1. Retention and reactivation in an uncertain economy\nIn 2024, it\u2019s expected that Europe will start to see a gradual economic recovery. In the face of this uncertainty, brands should focus on maintaining existing relationships and re-engaging customers who have drifted away.",
                "Getting ahead of the curve\nIn 2024, major trends will likely centre around the uncertainty of the economy, the increasing relevance of first-party data and the continued growth of AI and programmatic advertising. As the new year approaches, it\u2019s key that marketers familiarise themselves with these latest and upcoming developments in the digital advertising landscape, and then analyse how these trends can be leveraged to reach their goals.\nLooking to run AI-powered programmatic campaigns? Request a demo to learn more about StackAdapt.\nSamantha Allison is director of client services, EMEA at StackAdapt.\nComments",
                "According to eMarketer, retail brands spent the most on digital advertising in the UK in 2023, followed by FMCG. Despite travel seeing the least investment, digital ad spending targeting travellers in the UK is expected to reach 20.9% growth by the end of the year.\nIn 2023, trends in ad channels also evolved. Programmatic channels like digital out-of-home (DOOH), connected TV (CTV), and in-game advertising saw notable growth in adoption and investment. For example, by the end of 2023, it\u2019s predicted that revenue in the in-game advertising market will reach \u20ac2.86bn, then rise at a compound annual growth rate of 12.62% resulting in a projected market volume of \u20ac4.60bn by 2027.",
                "3. The growing role of AI in performance marketing\nThe relevance of artificial intelligence (AI) in digital marketing is growing. According to McKinsey, generative AI\u2019s impact on productivity could add trillions of dollars in value to the global economy. In 2024, marketers should make use of AI-powered technologies to optimise performance.\nAI can assist in analysing vast amounts of data, uncover actionable insights and automate repetitive tasks. For digital marketers, this enables more efficient and effective campaign performance and management.\n4. The potential of programmatic advertising in maximising AI",
                "Opting for a programmatic platform that takes advantage of AI can prove instrumental in enhancing precision when reaching a target audience. According to Statista, the value of Europe\u2019s programmatic ad market has more than doubled since 2017, with spending forecast to hit the $100bn mark by 2024. Harnessing the power of AI with programmatic advertising can offer a transformative advantage, with machine learning taking the reins to streamline complex processes.\nThe potential of programmatic platforms in maximising AI-powered advertising lies in their ability to seamlessly integrate advanced technologies, automate processes and extract actionable insights from vast datasets. This synergy not only empowers advertisers to elevate the efficiency of their campaigns but also has the power to yield the most rewarding results for their investment.\nGetting ahead of the curve",
                "To make sure shoppers keep coming back, retailers and brands across all sectors should invest in loyalty programmes, and understand what customers want from them. Effective loyalty programmes can help consumers save while boosting customer retention rates and revenue. Loyalty programmes also generate valuable first-party data, which brands can use to power personalisation and retail media capabilities.\n2. The relevance of first-party data activation\nFirst-party data is becoming increasingly important as stricter privacy regulations in the EU and UK evolve. While this data provides an alternative to cookies, an activation that marketers should be tapping into is its capabilities for personalisation.\nBy collecting reliable and accurate data directly from consumers, marketers can trust that the data is up-to-date and reflective of the actual behaviour of their audiences. This allows for more engaging customer experiences while maintaining compliance with privacy regulations."
            ],
            "title": "The future of digital advertising: Four key trends shaping 2024",
            "url": "https://www.marketingweek.com/the-future-of-digital-advertising-four-key-trends-shaping-2024/"
        },
        {
            "description": "Key Stat: Growth will spike in 2024 for digital ad spending, traditional ad spending, and total media ad spending. The last time all three metrics accelerated was in 2021, in the immediate aftermath of 2020\u2019s pandemic-driven collapse. Exportable files for easy reading, analysis and sharing.",
            "snippets": [
                "And after a solid H2 2023, things are looking up across the board for 2024. ... After two years of uncertainty, the worldwide ad market has stabilized, and spending is set to accelerate. Digital advertising is looking particularly healthy, and numerous national markets\u2014and companies\u2014are in line for standout growth. Key Question: What is the outlook for total media ad spending and digital ad spending worldwide and by country in 2024?",
                "We apply our rigorous research methodology to our reports, charts, forecasts, and more to keep our clients at the forefront of key developments and trends before they hit the mainstream. Advertising & MarketingSocial MediaContent MarketingEmail MarketingVideoBrowse All \u2192",
                "Key Stat: Growth will spike in 2024 for digital ad spending, traditional ad spending, and total media ad spending. The last time all three metrics accelerated was in 2021, in the immediate aftermath of 2020\u2019s pandemic-driven collapse. Exportable files for easy reading, analysis and sharing. Reliable data in simple displays for presentations and quick decision making. ... Ad Spending Growth for Digital, Traditional, and Total Worldwide, 2022-2027 (% change)Total Media Ad Spending Growth, by Region, 2023 & 2024 (% change)",
                "Top 10 Countries, Ranked by Digital Ad Spending Share, 2024 (% of total media ad spending)Top 10 Countries, Ranked by Digital Ad Spending, 2024 (billions)"
            ],
            "title": "Worldwide Digital Ad Spending Forecast 2024",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/worldwide-digital-ad-spending-forecast-2024"
        },
        {
            "description": "US retail digital ad spend will grow 14.2% next year to reach $84.00 billion, or 28.6% of total digital ad spend, per our forecast.",
            "snippets": [
                "Note: Historical digital ad spending data up to 2015 is derived from Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) and PwC data. Retail includes mail order/catalog, restaurants/fast food, drugstores, retail stores, cosmetics stores, and merchants of apparel, home furnishings/textiles, toys, pet food/supplies, appliances, jewelry, and general merchandise.Less \u00b7 Methodology: Estimates are based on the analysis of various elements related to the ad spending market, including macro-level economic conditions; historical trends of the advertising market; historical trends of each medium in relation to other media; reported revenues from major ad publishers; estimates from other research firms; data from benchmark sources; consumer media consumption trends; consumer device usage trends; and eMarketer interviews with executives at ad agencies, brands, media publishers and other industry leaders.",
                "We apply our rigorous research methodology to our reports, charts, forecasts, and more to keep our clients at the forefront of key developments and trends before they hit the mainstream. Advertising & MarketingSocial MediaContent MarketingEmail MarketingVideoBrowse All \u2192",
                "Industry benchmarks for the most important KPIs in digital marketing, advertising, retail and ecommerce.Learn More \u2192 ... Our goal at Insider Intelligence is to unlock digital opportunities for our clients with the world\u2019s most trusted forecasts, analysis, and benchmarks. Spanning five core coverage areas and dozens of industries, our research on digital transformation is exhaustive. ... For more insights and key statistics on the biggest trends in today\u2019s most disruptive industries, subscribe to our Chart of the Day newsletter.",
                "Our research focuses on the five core coverage areas below. We apply our rigorous research methodology to our reports, charts, forecasts, and more to keep our clients at the forefront of key developments and trends before they hit the mainstream."
            ],
            "title": "US retail digital ad spend growth will outpace overall digital ...",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/us-retail-digital-ad-spend-growth-will-outpace-overall-digital-ad-spend-growth-2024"
        },
        {
            "description": "While our initial impulse was to revise downward, by Q4 2020 we started seeing a market rebound and raised our outlook accordingly. In 2021, we made further upward revisions, resulting in a forecast that, by 2024, will be about $65 billion higher than what we expected before the pandemic.",
            "snippets": [
                "Join us to hear more from Insider Intelligence\u2019s Paul Verna, principal analyst, as he reveals our latest outlook for digital advertising, including connected TV, retail media, search, social video, and more in our upcoming live Meet the Analyst Webinar, \u201cKey Digital Ad Trends and Forecasts for 2022.\u201d\nLike others, in early 2020 we found ourselves needing to adjust our digital ad spending forecasts to account for unprecedented economic uncertainty. While our initial impulse was to revise downward, by Q4 2020 we started seeing a market rebound and raised our outlook accordingly. In 2021, we made further upward revisions, resulting in a forecast that, by 2024, will be about $65 billion higher than what we expected before the pandemic.",
                "Retail media ad spending will almost quadruple in four years. By 2023, marketers will spend more than $52 billion on ads across websites or apps that are mainly ecommerce focused. The biggest player in this market is Amazon, whose US advertising business is growing faster than those of the other two members of the triopoly: Google and Facebook. However, other retailers are also making big plays in the ad space, including Walmart, eBay, Target, CVS, Etsy, and, most recently, Best Buy. These companies are motivated by several factors:\nFor all these reasons, we consider retail media the latest big wave in digital advertising, following search, social, and video.",
                "Digital ad spending will blow away our earlier estimates. The biggest drivers behind these larger-than-expected increases are retail media networks and connected TV (CTV), both of which benefited from homebound consumers dramatically increasing their use of online shopping and video streaming. Social network and search advertising also surged, owing to growing numbers of people connecting with others online and searching for products and information on their devices. While we expect spending growth to taper off following unprecedented increases in 2021, the market will remain robust as more advertisers turn to digital channels for the benefits they offer compared with traditional media, including improved targeting and measurability.",
                "CTV ad spending is riding a wave of consumer adoption and platform launches. By 2025, spending will reach $34.49 billion, more than double the 2021 total of $14.44 billion. This means that, as a function of overall digital video ad spending, CTV will approach one-third in 2025 from roughly one-quarter in 2021. This escalation is driven by increased cord-cutting, more time spent on CTV, device companies like Roku and Vizio doubling down on their ad businesses, and the proliferation of ad-supported video platforms despite continued momentum in subscription-based ones. Yet another contributor is Amazon\u2019s increasing focus on CTV as it grows its share of the US digital ad market.",
                "Search and social also had huge years in 2021. Although search is a mature ad format, its 2021 growth of 39.1% was the largest year-to-year increase since we started tracking it in 2008. Social network ad spending also spiked in 2021, though not as sharply as search\u2014mostly because social platforms held their own in 2020, while search suffered as many consumers were conducting online searches that weren\u2019t easily monetizable. That said, social will overtake search for the first time in 2022, highlighting the scale, strength, and resiliency of platforms like Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, and TikTok.\nOne Liberty Plaza9th FloorNew York, NY 100061-800-405-0844\n1-800-405-0844ii-sales@insiderintelligence.com"
            ],
            "title": "Digital ad spending outlook blows past previous forecasts",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/digital-ad-spending-outlook-blows-past-previous-forecasts"
        },
        {
            "description": "\u201cGiven the maturity of digital ad spending, what we expect to see going forward is slow but steady growth with fewer ups and downs than we saw when the market was still developing.\u201d \u00b7 US digital ad spend reached a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.5% during the years of the pandemic ...",
            "snippets": [
                "Spanning five core coverage areas and dozens of industries, our research on digital transformation is exhaustive. ... \u201cWe\u2019re shifting into a lot of new paradigms in advertising, which is the underlying theme of all of the 2024 trends,\u201d our analyst Paul Verna said on our \u201cAdvertising Trends to Watch for 2024\u201d webinar. Marked by shifts that will reshape how brands connect with their audiences, the advertising industry will soon see less volatile ad spend, the impact of a full-cookie deprecation, and AI\u2019s escalating role.",
                "Marked by shifts that will reshape how brands connect with their audiences, the advertising industry will soon see less volatile ad spend, the impact of a full-cookie deprecation, and AI\u2019s escalating role. \u201cAfter 2024, we\u2019re not likely to see big swings in digital ad spending,\u201d Verna said. \u201cGiven the maturity of digital ad spending, what we expect to see going forward is slow but steady growth with fewer ups and downs than we saw when the market was still developing.\u201d \u00b7 US digital ad spend reached a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.5% during the years of the pandemic from 2019 to 2023, per our estimates.",
                "\u201cWe\u2019re shifting into a lot of new paradigms in advertising, which is the underlying theme of all of the 2024 trends,\u201d our analyst Paul Verna said on our \u201cAdvertising Trends to Watch for 2024\u201d webinar. Marked by shifts that will reshape how brands connect with their audiences, the advertising industry will soon see less volatile ad spend, the impact of a full-cookie deprecation, and AI\u2019s escalating role. \u201cAfter 2024, we\u2019re not likely to see big swings in digital ad spending,\u201d Verna said.",
                "Next year, US digital ad spend will hit $306.94 billion, up from $270.24 billion this year. With Google\u2019s full phaseout of cookies set for 2024, expect a push for mergers and acquisitions among ID providers. \u201cThere are more and more of these ID services battling for market share at this time of transition,\u201d Verna said."
            ],
            "title": "7 trends for advertisers to watch in 2024 - Insider Intelligence ...",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/7-trends-advertisers-watch-2024"
        },
        {
            "description": "Our first-ever worldwide forecast for retail media ad spending shows enduring momentum and lots of good news for Amazon and other ecommerce platforms around the world.",
            "snippets": [
                "Industry benchmarks for the most important KPIs in digital marketing, advertising, retail and ecommerce.Learn More \u2192 ... Our goal at Insider Intelligence is to unlock digital opportunities for our clients with the world\u2019s most trusted forecasts, analysis, and benchmarks. Spanning five core coverage areas and dozens of industries, our research on digital transformation is exhaustive. ... Our first-ever worldwide forecast for retail media ad spending shows enduring momentum and lots of good news for Amazon and other ecommerce platforms around the world.",
                "Retail media advertising isn\u2019t just a US phenomenon: Spending is booming at a global level and in every market that we break out. The US remains the center of gravity, but the story is similar everywhere. Key Question: What is the outlook for retail media ad spending at the worldwide level, and how do the major international ad markets compare?",
                "Spanning five core coverage areas and dozens of industries, our research on digital transformation is exhaustive. ... Our first-ever worldwide forecast for retail media ad spending shows enduring momentum and lots of good news for Amazon and other ecommerce platforms around the world. ... Retail media advertising isn\u2019t just a US phenomenon: Spending is booming at a global level and in every market that we break out.",
                "We apply our rigorous research methodology to our reports, charts, forecasts, and more to keep our clients at the forefront of key developments and trends before they hit the mainstream. Advertising & MarketingSocial MediaContent MarketingEmail MarketingVideoBrowse All \u2192"
            ],
            "title": "Worldwide Retail Media Ad Spending Forecast 2024 - Insider ...",
            "url": "https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/worldwide-retail-media-ad-spending-forecast-2024"
        },
        {
            "description": "GroupM expects that brands may invest more in shared experiences as day-to-day life becomes increasingly atomized and algorithmically dictated.",
            "snippets": [
                "Marketing news, voices and jobs for industry professionals. Optimized for your mobile phone.",
                "GroupM foresees global ad revenues climbing 5.8% this year to hit $889 billion, excluding the effects of U.S. political advertising, with 2024\u2019s momentum decelerating slightly to 5.3% growth. Magna believes ad revenues will tick up 5.5% this year to $853 billion and then jump 7.2% in 2024, a sunnier outlook. Both media investment agencies identified strengths in pure-play digital channels, or media that does not serve as an extension of traditional formats like TV or out-of-home.",
                "Deep Dive \u2018Advertisers tried too hard\u2019: Few Super Bowl LVIII ads win as celeb takeover continues \u00b7 Ikea defies \u2018don\u2019t try this at home\u2019 in debut creative from McCann ... eBook 2024 Mobile Consumer Insights: How SMS, MMS and Mobile Wallet are Changing Purchase Behavior Custom content for Vibes \u00b7 Trendline The Marketing Dive Outlook on 2024 Supported by Marketing Dive",
                "Trendline The Marketing Dive Outlook on 2024 Supported by Marketing Dive \u00b7 Webinar - on demand Tackling Data Roadblocks to Power 1:1 Customer Relationships Custom content for Simon Data View all \u00b7 Social rapidly replacing TV as America\u2019s primary news source: YouGov's media report From YouGov America"
            ],
            "title": "Ad-spending market continues to recover, though 2024 presents mixed ...",
            "url": "https://www.marketingdive.com/news/global-ad-spending-outlook-2024-media-predictions/701436/"
        }
    ],
    "latency": 0.9115681648254395
}